## Where to play the game
[Link to deployment](https://saosako-school.github.io/CMPM-120---Physics-Game/)
## Experience Requirements
- The game uses continuous inputs from the player by requiring the player to continuously press the right or left button to move around. The game uses discrete inputs from the player by requiring that they press the SPACE key to drop their jelly bean.
- The player's goal (getting beans into their buckets/getting the most points) can only be achieved indirectly through the physics engine applying gravity to the bean that allows it to collide/overlap with hitboxes within the bucket that tell the game to update the player's score.
- There are 3 physics-based gameplay scenes (which are subclassed from a scene called Level), Level1, Level2, and Level3. Each scene uses roughly the same mechanics. The player can move their platform back and forth and drop jelly beans. There are two buckets that are red and blue. Dropping matching beans into those buckets gives points, while missing causes the player to not gain any points, and dropping the wrong bean into the wrong bucket causes the player to lose points. In Level1, the buckets are large and there are very few obstructions. In Level2, the buckets are smaller, and a couple of candy canes move to the right to obstruct the jelly bean's path. The player now needs to time drops more carefully to get their beans in. Level3 has the buckets become even smaller and there is now a second set of candy canes moving left to block the player, so the player has to become even more precise and event more careful.
- In between each scene, there's a scene that tells the player their score and grades them. There's a yellow bucket and a tween will make a plant rise from the bucket. If the player made the same amount of points as beans they were given that level (or if they made more points than beans they had), the plant (which has a jelly bean at the top) sprouts fully grown and the player is shown text that says, "Good job!". If the player scored at least 2/3 the ampunt of points as they had beans, the plant that sprouts is a bud and the player is shown text that says, "You're getting there!". If the player scored lower, the plant that goes up is just a small sprout and the player is shown text that says, "Nice try!". Regardless of what the player scores, they are shown the number of points they scored out of how many beans they got.

## Asset Creation
- The background (4by3_background.png) was drawn by me on my iPad in Procreate.
- The spritesheet (howIsThisTheFourthTimeIveHadToRedoMySpriteSheet.png) was drawn by me in Procreate and upscaled in Gimp.
- The tilemaps (tilemap.json, level2tilemap.json, level3tilemap.json) were created by me in Tiled using the previously mentioned spritesheet as the tilesheet.
- The sprite atlas (spriteAtlas.json) was written by me in VSCode (I know that there's probably better way to do it, but hey, it works)
- The bitmap font files (minogram_6x10.png, minogram_6x10.xml) were created by freezyfrost on itch.io in a pack of many files for bitmap fonts that I downloaded [here](https://frostyfreeze.itch.io/pixel-bitmap-fonts-png-xml). As freezyfrost notes, although Phaser wants both .xml and .png files for bitmap fonts, they're fairly uncommon, which is why freezyfrost made the font pack in the first place.